(DOCSP-21862): Bundle Realm for React Native Rehash (#1853)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/react-native/advanced/bundle.txt

      #. Note the filepath of the bundled {+realm+} file. You'll need this file to use
         the bundled {+realm+} in your production application, as described in the next 
         section.

         .. code-block::
            :caption: temp_realm_app
            :emphasize-lines: 2

            .
            ├── bundle.realm
            ... rest of files in _temp_ application

      .. _react-native-bundle-realm-file:

   .. step:: Bundle Realm File in Your Production Application

      Now that you have a copy of the {+realm+} that contains the initial data,
      add the bundled {+realm+} file to your production application.
      Where you place the bundled realm differs for iOS and Android 
      builds. 

      .. tabs:: 

         .. tab:: Android
            :tabid: android

            #. Open up the ``android`` folder generated by React Native in Android Studio.
            #. In the :guilabel:`Project` tree, navigate to ``app > src > main``.
               Right click the ``main`` directory. Create a new subdirectory named ``assets``.
            #. Drag the bundled realm file into the ``assets`` directory.

         .. tab:: iOS
            :tabid: ios

>             #. Open up the ``ios`` directory in Xcode.

Reviewer: You actually need to open the `xcworkspace`. Maybe there's a better way to word it than this but:

```suggestion
            #. Open up the ``your_project_name.xcworkspace`` file (in the ``ios`` directory generated by React Native)  in Xcode.
```

>             #. Select you app in the project navigator and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            #. Select your app in the project navigator and
```

               select the :guilabel:`Build Phases` tab in the project overview.

>             #. Select the :guilabel:`Copy Bundle Resources` menu. Click the :guilabel:`+` icon. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            #. Expand the :guilabel:`Copy Bundle Resources` item.
            #. Click the :guilabel:`+` icon. 
```

            #. Find your bundled realm file and add it. Don't change the default settings,

>                then select the :guilabel`Finish` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               then select the :guilabel:`Finish` button.
```

users must only download the synced changes that occurred since you
generated the bundled file.

.. warning:: Does Not Apply to Expo Apps

   This procedure doesn't work for :ref:`React Native apps created with Expo
   <react-native-client-quick-start-expo>`.

Procedure
---------

Follow these steps to create and bundle a {+realm+} file for your React Native application.
On a high level you:

> #. Create a bundled realm file in a Node.Js script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Create a bundled realm file in a Node.js script.
```

#. Copy the bundled realm to the iOS and/or Android builds for your application. 
#. Call ``Realm.copyBundledRealmFiles()``  before you open the bundled Realm in 
   your React Native JavaScript code. 

.. note:: Bundle Synchronized Realms

   SDK version 10.12.0 introduced the ability to bundle synchronized {+realm+}s.
   Before version 10.12.0, you could only bundle local {+realm+}s.

   For details on considerations and limitations when bundling a synchronized {+realm+},
   :ref:`see the Bundle a Synchronized Realm section <react-native-bundle-synced-realm>`.

.. _react-native-create-a-realm-for-bundling:

.. procedure:: 

>    .. step:: Create Realm File for Bundling

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. step:: Create a Realm File to Bundle
```

      The easiest way to create a bundled realm for your React Native app is 
      to write a separate Node.Js script to create the bundle. 

      #. Build a temporary {+realm+} app that shares the data model of your
         application.

      #. Open a {+realm+} and add the data you wish to bundle. If using a
         synchronized {+realm+}, allow time for the {+realm+} to fully sync.

         .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/rn/create-bundled-realm-rn.codeblock.create-react-native-bundle.js
            :language: javascript
            :caption: create-bundled-realm.js

      #. Note the filepath of the bundled {+realm+} file. You'll need this file to use
         the bundled {+realm+} in your production application, as described in the next 
         section.

         .. code-block::
            :caption: temp_realm_app
            :emphasize-lines: 2

            .
            ├── bundle.realm
            ... rest of files in _temp_ application

      .. _react-native-bundle-realm-file:

>    .. step:: Bundle Realm File in Your Production Application

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. step:: Bundle the Realm File with your App
```
nit: doesn't need to be a prod app necessarily

      Now that you have a copy of the {+realm+} that contains the initial data,
      add the bundled {+realm+} file to your production application.
      Where you place the bundled realm differs for iOS and Android 
      builds. 

>       .. tabs:: 

Reviewer 2: Is there a shell one-liner we can give folks for each platform? I don't love how this is tied to specific UI instructions (though it's probably fine)

Reviewer 3: dont think so unfortunately :(

         .. tab:: Android
            :tabid: android

            #. Open up the ``android`` folder generated by React Native in Android Studio.
            #. In the :guilabel:`Project` tree, navigate to ``app > src > main``.
               Right click the ``main`` directory. Create a new subdirectory named ``assets``.
            #. Drag the bundled realm file into the ``assets`` directory.

         .. tab:: iOS
            :tabid: ios

            #. in Xcode, open up the ``your_project_name.xcworkspace`` file inside of the ``ios`` directory generated by React Native.
            #. Select your app in the project navigator and
               select the :guilabel:`Build Phases` tab in the project overview.
            #. Expand the :guilabel:`Copy Bundle Resources` item.
            #. Click the :guilabel:`+` icon. 
            #. Click the :guilabel:`Add Other...` button.
            #. Find your bundled realm file and add it. Don't change the default settings,
               then select the :guilabel:`Finish` button.

      .. _react-native-open-a-realm-from-a-bundled-realm-file:

>    .. step:: Open a Realm from Bundle

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. step:: Open the Bundled Realm in your App
```

      To add the bundled realm file to your app's document directory, call 
      :js-sdk:`Realm.copyBundledRealmFiles() <Realm.html#.copyBundledRealmFiles>`

>       before you :ref:`open the realm <react-native-open-close-realm>`. 

Reviewer 2: Could we add a little context at the start of this step? e.g.

- The realm is now bundled and will be included whenever a user downloads the app
- To use the bundled data, you have to copy it into a new realm file in your app's document directory
- To add the bundled realm file to your app's document directory....

Reviewer 3: adding suggestion 1
